It will work this time. It has to. I spent the better part of 19 hours 
crafting this mural on bedrock, and three full days before that laying 
pavement, redirecting the winding dessert road so it would end abruptly at 
the foot of my masterpiece: a rock wall painted to look like a tunnel. An 
optical illusion. A way out. But there is no way out of here...

MY NAME IS WILE E. COYOTE AND I AM SO F*CKING HUNGRY

And in-explicitly stuck in this lifeless dessert. My only companion? A 
mindless blue bird--whom I am forever doomed to chase, to whom all laws of 
the universe bend, then break. This is my existence. Compulsively ordering 
one ridiculous contraption after another.

(Even though I’m on to the people at ACME; I KNOW you are F*CKING with me.)

I’m always a flight suit or a working magnet or a lit wick short of supper. 
And I deserve it--I’ve left my imprint all of this dessert. I’ve been 
pancaked, incinerated, run over, diced, and buried. I’ve accepted my failure 
with only simple signs pulled from invisible back pockets, begging for your 
empathy as if it would cushion what comes next.

Whoever fancies themself my maker has imbued upon me the knowledge of how 
things are suppose to be: rockets fire upon ignition, rocks roll when the 
pull is great enough against them, the trajectory of catapults is not 
arbitrary, predators catch prey. Can you image how it feels? Your best laid 
plans crumbling around you, peering into the mouth of fate only to have it 
blow up in your face.

It’s enough to make you wonder: is it better to be a perfect physical 
specimen than it is to be bright? If all the time you spent lost in thought 
has been a waste when all along it has been easier just to run. I am a super 
genius, and I can’t catch a flightless bird, who grins as I drool for its 
flesh. I keep at it as if the next bow will fire the arrow instead of me, as 
if the poison bird seed will somehow end up in his mouth instead of mine.

It is the curse of an addict to chase the thing that destroys you.

But until you’ve done it--until you’ve launched yourself off 1000 foot cliffs 
for that thing that you love you never understand the gravity of my plight. 
This is it. The culmination of my mania... this fake fucking tunnel is the 
best I can do.

And when the dust settles, I will stand firmly on red sand, his broken blue 
neck clenched between my teeth. This time, it will work.

It has to.
